My Love Letter To My Gf :) I miss you so much Right now, you asked me to explain how I feel right now so I will. Baby, I believe You're my shining star, my dream come true. I love you so God DAMNED much....I know God will forgive me for using His name, but I love you too much babe... I am more in love with you anything in this world, human emotions cannot describe how much I love you. I love you from the depths of my heart, my soul craves for your attention and love right now babe.

I love you so much.... babe you're a perfect girl. How come every guy you interact has not fallen in love with you? You're so perfect and so sweet Ruth, I love you so much baby ..... I can't explain it. How did I fall in love with a Filipinna girl so much in 8 months? I love her and I want to spend the rest of my life with her. I love you so much Ruth, I am talking about YOU. I love YOU so much babe, I am completely in love with you babe.

I am sorry for acting moody, I was angry about couple app not working, and I was also angry about Jeremy. But I am sorry babe, I know you dont love him, and you're right babe, lets just forget him, hes not worth it babe. I love you so much Ruthy pie. I am completely stolen and dumbfounded by your love. even the THOUGHT of losing you makes me cry my heart out :(
I cry like a big baby when I think of losing you Ruth I am a big baby when it comes to you.....

I am a man, I am 21 and I SERVED in the Army, but when it comes to you, I am a little boy... I love you and I want you more then anything babe. Like my text message, I want ALL of you, not just a part of you. 1 year is not enough of you babe, Its been 8 months (almost 1 year) and I am not close to sick of you... I still want your whole heart, I want all of you baby Ruth. I love you so deeply.... I want to spend the rest of my entire life with you... whenever I die, you can do whatever you want, but for as long as I live I want all of you babe... I want you by my side Ruth. I love you so so so so much!!!!! XOXOXOXOXOXO
